CS 230 Project Software Design Documentation 

The Gaming Room has an android game by the name of ‘Draw It or Lose It’. In this game players form teams and solve riddles based on the pictures shown. The Gaming Room wants port this app to a web based game that can be accessed from many different systems. In the attached softwear design document, the clients needs are documented as well as the differences in cloud and traditional server archetectures. The document recommends a cloud solution to distribute the game to many users online and store images needed to run the game. When creating this document, I explained the related technologies to the client and clearly explained my reasoning for the recommendations. A design document is important for organizing the porject at hand and showign teams how different components will work together. One aspect of the document that could be inproved is the summary. I believe the overall recommendations could have been explained in more detail to give the client a better starting point for this project. When deciding on what solution to recommend to the client, the clients needs and concerns are the most important consideration. if the clients needs are ignored, they are unlikely to use the recommendations you provided and will be overall unhappy with your service. Because of this, understanding what the client is looking for, and also applying your prior knowlege is necessary to create design documentation that adds value to the project or business. When approaching how to design the project, thorough research on the topics at hand, as well as reasearch on similar solutions helps to create a robust design. Remembering to incorperate security measures, and understanding who will be using the solutions you recommend allow you to better anticipate future client needs and issues. 
